come on I'm not saying it was a bad
movie I'm just saying no it was a little
hard to follow I told you they were
gonna be subtitles No
just didn't wanna wear my glasses on our
first date
mónica they've really helped when I'm
kissing if you didn't shout out my
sister's name Oh Monica Monica
oh god I'm sorry it's just when you
moved your hands down to my butt it was
like whoa Ross's hands are on my butt
and that's that's funny why well it's
not I mean I'm sorry I guess I'm just
nervous I mean it's you
you know it's us I mean we're crossing
that line sort of a big thing like I
know it's big I just don't know is haha
okay my hands were nowhere near you but
I promise I'm good I'm not gonna laugh
anymore okay put your hands back no see
now and now I can't because I'm feeling
too self-conscious just one cheek no the
moments gone just put your hands out now
back up into that's romantic
no oh come on squeeze it
Wow look at that
the car is on fire yet somehow it's
expensive paint job is protected by the
mirror got a cheetah on your face man
hey hey what are you doing here I just
wants to be out with Rachel that was 14
hours ago sorry go oh listen have you
ever been you know fooling around with a
girl and started laughing yeah but it
was 1982 and my flock of seagulls
haircut was tickling her chin she
laughed at you yeah I don't know I've
been wanting this since like ninth grade
typing you know I just want it to be
perfect and right why isn't that laser
beam cutting through the paint
hi listen I was thinking about listen
can you guys speak up it's harder for us
to hear you when you lower your voice
okay listen I'm sorry about last night
and I really want to make it up to you
oh yeah you know there's no need to make
it at how
well I was thinking maybe a romantic
dinner without a candles and wine and
then maybe going back to my place for
dessert mm-hmm perfect
what's this you get us a couple of beers